unshadow: add page (#4041)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/linux/unshadow.md

# unshadow

> > Utility provided by the package "john", to combine /etc/passwd and /etc/shadow into a file that can be processed by John the Ripper. More information: <https://www.openwall.com/john/>.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Utility provided by John the Ripper project to obtain the traditional Unix password file if the system uses shadow passwords. More information: <https://www.openwall.com/john/>.
```

Reviewer 2: Perhaps the `More information` could be on the next line, like this @andrik?
```suggestion
> Utility provided by the John the Ripper project to obtain the traditional Unix password file if the system uses shadow passwords.
> More information: <https://www.openwall.com/john/>.
```

# unshadow

> Utility provided by the John the Ripper project to obtain the traditional Unix password file if the system uses shadow passwords.
> More information: <https://www.openwall.com/john/>.

> - Combine the /etc/shadow and /etc/passwd of the current system:

Reviewer 3: I think these 2 examples should be just one. We always use tokens for options in commands. The value inside them can be concrete or generic. I had made the same comment some time earlier too. This is what I'd suggest:

Combine any two shadow and password files:

`sudo unshadow {{/etc/passwd}} {{/etc/shadow}}`.
